Add FAQ entry on keystore passwords (#1354)
cert-manager/website: content/docs/faq/README.md

We recommend that you treat these passwords as legacy implementation details, and use short hard-coded strings for these passwords when you're
forced to use one. Don't spend time trying to generate or handle "secure" passwords for these files - simply choose a constant such as `changeit` or `notapassword123` and use that for every PKCS#12 or JKS bundle you generate.

#### Longer Answer

Lots of people see the word "password" when handling JKS or PKCS#12 bundles and they draw the obvious
conclusion that it's a valuable security resource which needs to be handled carefully.

This is generally not the case - not only are these passwords not really passwords, but they're also vanishingly unlikely to be meaningful for security of any kind.

Mostly, these passwords exist only because some applications require some password to be set. That requirement is the sole reason for cert-manager and its sub-projects supporting setting a password on these types of bundles.

There are several main reasons why we don't consider these passwords to be security critical:

> 1. Most applications which use these passwords will mount the file containing the password in plaint-ext right next to the bundle which uses it, with the same permissions and access control. This would make even the most secure password completely pointless as a security measure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Most applications which use these passwords will mount the file containing the password in plaintext right next to the bundle which uses it, with the same permissions and access control. This would make even the most secure password completely pointless as a security measure.
```

Author: Whoops, thanks! Fixed!
